Hello everyone and welcome to the art of cooking
channel
Today we're gonna make together
Ramen burger
The ingredients.
For one burger, you'll need 1 packet of ramen,
1 beef patty, 1 egg, vegetable oil, green
onion, arugula, soy sauce and ketchup.
2.
Cook the ramen.
Prepare the ramen according to the package's
instructions.
Drain off excess liquid and let it cool for
like 10 minutes
3.
Mix the egg into the ramen until thoroughly
blended.
4.
Form the ramen "buns."
Spray the inside of two deep, flat-bottom
bowls with cooking spray and divide the ramen-egg
mixture equally among them.
Press the noodles into the bottoms of the
dishes to form discs, then cover with saran
wrap.
5.
Weight the "buns" with a heavy glass, can
or jar.
Soup cans and jam jars work well here.
Place both bowls in the refrigerator for about
30 minutes.
6.
Invert the "buns" onto a pre-heated skillet.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a non-stick skillet
on medium-high heat.
Remove the bowls from the refrigerator, remove
the saran wrap and invert one of the "buns"
over the pan.
7.
Cook for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown
on one side.
Then flip.
After you've flipped it, you should only need
about 2 to 3 minutes more to cook it thoroughly.
8.
Slice green onion.
9.
Prepare the beef patty to your liking and
top with arugula, green onion, soy sauce,
ketchup and whatever else you like.
10.
taste tour work, taste your recipe and enjoy
your meal.
Thank you so much for watching, subscribe
to get the new in our kitchen